SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT 
The software which accompanies this license
(the "Software") is the property of Cematics LLC. or its licensors and
is protected by copyright law. Cematics LLC. provides the Software and
licenses its use worldwide. You assume responsibility for the selection
of the Software to achieve your intended results, and for the
installation, use, and results obtained from it. 

License 

You May: 


Use one copy of the Software on a single computer; Make one copy of the
Software for archival purposes, or copy the software onto hard disk of
your computer and retain the original for archival purposes; 

Use the Software on a network, provided that you have a licensed copy of
the Software for each computer that can access the Software over the
network; 

Modify the Software and/or merge it into another program for your use on
the single computer. (Any portion of the Software merged into another
program will continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement). You must reproduce and include the copyright notice on any
copy, modification or portion merged into another program; and 

After written notice to Cematics LLC transfer the Software and the
license to another party if the other party agrees to accept the terms
and conditions of this Agreement. If you transfer the Software, you must
at the same time either transfer all copies whether in printed or
machine-readable form to the same party or destroy any copies not
transferred; this includes all modifications and portions of the
Software contained or merged into other programs. You must immediately
notify Cematics LLC of the transfer. 

YOU MAY NOT USE, COPY, MODIFY, OR TRANSFER THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY COPY,
MODIFICATION OR MERGED PORTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY
PROVIDED FOR IN THIS LICENSE. IF YOU TRANSFER POSSESSION OF ANY COPY,
MODIFICATION OR MERGED PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ANOTHER PARTY, YOUR
LICENSE IS AUTOMATICALLY TERMINATED. 

Term 

The license is effective until terminated. You may terminate it at any
time by destroying the Software altogether with all copies,
modifications and merged portions in any form. It will also terminate
upon conditions set forth elsewhere in this Agreement or if you fail to
comply with any term or condition of this Agreement. You agree upon such
termination to destroy the Software along with all copies, modifications
and merged portions in any form. 

Limited Warranty 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH
YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU (AND NOT Cematics LLC OR AN
AUTHORIZED COMPUTER DEALER) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY
SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. 

SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE
ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC
LEGAL RIGHTS AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO
STATE. 

Cematics LLC does not warrant that the functions contained in the
Software will meet your requirements or that the operation of the
Software will be uninterrupted or error free.

Limitations of Remedies 

IN NO EVENT WILL CEMATICS LLC BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES,
INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS OR OTHER INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
SOFTWARE EVEN IF Cematics LLC OR AN AUTHORIZED COMPUTER DEALER HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY
OTHER PARTY.  SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF
LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THE ABOVE
LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO CASE SHALL CEMATICS
LLC's LIABILITY EXCEED THE PURCHASE PRICE FOR THE SOFTWARE. The
disclaimers and limitations set forth above will apply regardless of
whether you accept the Software. 

General 

You may not sublicense, assign or transfer this license except as
expressly provided in this Agreement. Any attempt otherwise to
sublicense, assign or transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations
hereunder is void. 

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Pennsylvania. Should you have any questions concerning this Agreement,
you may contact Cematics LLC. by emailing info@cematics.com. YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT AND AGREE
TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT IT IS
THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN US WHICH
SUPERSEDES ANY PROPOSAL OR PRIOR AGREEMENT, ORAL OR WRITTEN, AND ANY
OTHER COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN US RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS
AGREEMENT. 

